an English wood is full of such food but
the dense cover makes things difficult
but there is one bird that specializes
in hunting here it flies very fast very
low and takes it victims by surprise
this is one of its favorite hunting
places an old overgrown orchard where
lots of woodland birds come to feed on
rotting apples and the crumbs they
attract a sparrow hawk visits the wood
every day and waits for just the right
moment
it knows every twist and turn in its
approach flight it's flown it often
enough before sometimes two or three
times a day it's short rounded wings and
long tail enable it to fly its speed
through really narrow gaps
warning calls alert the whole woodland
this time it wasn't quick enough to
catch the bird community by surprise